# Taxi-Driver-Management-System
Managing the taxi drivers of London city.

# Problem Statement
You have been approached by a taxi operator called Speedy Taxis. The company has a fleet of taxis which serve all of London and the surrounding area. The company employs a large number of drivers and has experienced a number of incidents and customer complaints which it is now trying address. In order to achieve this, it is planning to offer drivers various training courses and qualifications in an attempt to reduce the number of incidents and customer complaints. A system is planned which would record details of training a driver has attended and what qualification(s) they have obtained.
As some training and qualifications expire, the system should remind users when it is time to renew a training or qualification.
When a driver is involved in an incident, which was caused or aggravated by unprofessional behaviour on part of the driver, then he/she gets a warning and it is added to his/her disciplinary record. In addition to the training, the system should also keep these disciplinary records about the drivers.
In the long-term Speedy Taxis wants to develop an app which its taxi drivers can install on a mobile phone or tablet. They are envisaging that drivers would use the app to log the start of their working day, the end of their working day and the start/end of each journey. This would give Speedy Taxis a record of the drivers working hours and time actually spent driving. There should be a component in the system which accepts the work logs and processes them. The company is not sure yet what technology to use for the app, so for the prototype of the system, they want the app to simply be implemented as a desktop application, which would later be replaced with a mobile app. At this stage they are interested in getting sample data, submitting it to component via a web service and ensuring that the data is processed correctly. The desktop application could then be replaced by the app at a later stage without affecting the system.
